docs: fix, add version support text (#927)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/user/personal-access-tokens.md

future DHIS2 versions or made opt-in, meaning that basic authentication would
need to be explicitly enabled in the configuration.

> #### Dhis2 supported versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### DHIS2 supported versions
```

> To utilize the benefits of PATs, you will need to be on dhis2 2.37.X or later version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To utilize the benefits of PATs, you will need to be on DHIS version 2.37 or above.
```
